Merge task
 - About the datatype of the dynamic columns
 - CSV and xls format
 - There is no gurantee that user will upload files with same number of columns(One file may contain 10 columns and another one may be 5)
 - After do the MySql union the data is clumsy because of diffrent datatype and data


1. side bar design change

2. To have delete icon for each table and as well as for project

3. Create two new columns as data_quality & uniqueness in table_datatypes table and put some random number

4. Based on the number we need to color the sticky bar with gradient

5. If I click on the link of any column in dashboard page then display a table with selected column and also have option to display
all and specific items in dropdown



1. Gradient for the data quality - done
2. View Table button link - done
3. Auto increment id columns added while cretaing tables - done
4. Select all option functionality - done
5. Hightligh the row while click on the checkbox in csv columns page - done
6. Edit option for columns and save option


Change in data quality design

uniqueness text in the middle of the sticky bar
use different color
uniqueness as a single sticky bar like completeness


1. Home page landing by clicking the logo - done

2. Upload needs to remap, it's not pointed to the landing page - done

3. The email_id column has issues - not able to import the table when selecting this column. This may be because of the _  in the column name. So check if the column name has anything other than string and replace all characters with _ and create a table. 


4. Remove the % symbol on the total record diagram - it is a count so no need for a % symbol. - Done

4.1 Change the total record graph to a bar chart and display the number - Done

5. Design a page like the attached(File1)- link this page when clicking the red(incorrect data part) of the dashboard page, similarly link the good data and display when clicking the good data part


5.1  Mark these issues and download as csv, excel / sql,etc..


6. See attached File2, The table is showing 2 times in our application- but in the database, it is only one table. I think it is due to using the back button but I am not sure. Please check - Done

7. Merge not working- landing at a blank page, no merge table created

8. Dim issues when the issue count is 0 and remove the hyperlink - Done

9. Create view stats for each column. Create top 5 values and bottom 5 values when uniqueness is not 100%- see my diagram attached for reference.